One day, little Johny decided he was going to be a professional baseball player. Him and his buddies all decided they would have to train really hard. So, they decided to build a training camp they could meet up at and
train every day of the week. Once they had completed this training camp, it was so well built, that other professional baseball teams wanted to use it. They agreed on one condition, and that was that hey would get to
practice with the big leagers. They were so happy.

They were so excited for their first day practicing with the big leaguers but practice did not go as well as expected. It was hard to train with the big leaguers because their skills were so much better and they didn't 
really have time to help out the little kids. However, Little Johnny was determined to make the best of the situation and started to watch what the big leaguers and tried to emulate that. 

Little Johnny tried his best to do as those big leagers did.  At first the pro players were amused by Little Johnny's clumsy movements. 
"As I said, you are not playing baseball, you are dancing!" They laughed. However, little Johnny didn't give up. For months he kept 
practicing, he was always the first one to come to the camp and the last one to leave. As time went by Johnny's movement became more and more
coherent, his strike became more and more precise. Now that he was prepared, all he need was a chance to exhibit his improvement.

One morning, Little Jhonny showed up to the camp before anyone else. He warmed up and prepared for the pros to walk in. After a couple minutes,
as the pros start to make their ways into the camp, Little Johny started the pitch machine and was hitting home runs left and right. The pro 
players finally noticed and they were so impressed. They wanted to offer Little Jhony a chance to practice with the pros again. This time, 
it did not turn out to be like the first time at all. This time Little Jhony was playing at the same level as the pros and no one could believe it!

 
